please welcome the cast of the golden
globe-nominated drama heroes
some of you might know that this is our
regular time slot and we're very honored
to give it up for such an esteemed event
and here are the nominees for Best Actor
in a TV series drama Patrick Dempsey
Grey's Anatomy Michael C Hall Dexter
Hugh Laurie house
bill paxton Big Love Sutherland 24 and
the Golden Globe goes to Hugh Laurie how
thank you
thank you very much um my goodness this
is stunning absolutely stunning um
I am speechless I am literally without a
speech uh it seems odd to me that in the
weeks leading up to this event when
people are falling over themselves to
send you you know free shoes and free
cufflinks and free colonic irrigation
for two nobody offers you a free
acceptance speech it just seems to me to
be a gap in the market I would love to
be able to pull out a speech by Dolce &
Gabbana
now I must thank I must thank the
Hollywood Foreign Press Association and
salute my brother nominees and thank all
the my fellow actors on house and the
wonderful writers and producers and a
truly wonderful crew I know everyone
says they have a wonderful crew and
logically that can't be the case they
can't all be wonderful somebody
somewhere is working with a crew of
drunken thieves but it's not me they are
truly a wonderful collection people and
I am privileged to spend my days in
their company and the smell of newly
mown grass I would I would like to thank
Robert Sean Leonard I can't remember why
he did give me a reason the two people I
would most like to thank the two people
to whom I owe absolutely everything the
whole caboodle if that is a word that
you Yanks still use are the two
cleverest and funniest and kindest and
frankly best bosses that a man could
hope to have
David Shaw and Katie Jacobs they're they
really I owe them everything I certainly
owe them this I'm not going to give him
this but I I will owe it to them I must
of course thank the the heads of the
five families
Peter Liguori Jeff Zucker Christian
Hodel my colleague Stephen Fry my wife
Joe head of my family Larry Kaplow
Darren Sarafian Russ Smith Vanessa for
Joe and of course you I'm sorry I left
you till last thank you so much ladies
and gentlemen
you